{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Aaron Liszt - Mobile App Development Final Project - LisztSekans\
\
**MADE FOR(Tested on) - iPhone 8 PLUS Simulator**\
\
USER'S GUIDE\
\
App Description:\
LisztSekans is the Sekans project, where two snakes, a player and a computer, move and grow until the human or cpu loses. \
\
Screen Descriptions:\
Screen 1 (Play Screen) - This is the screen where the player and computer move and grow. The player is the blue snake in the top left corner of the screen and the computer is the magenta snake in the bottom right. To start the game click the 'Start Game' button once. Use swipe (touch screen gestures) to move the blue snake up, right, left, or down (Swipe directions correspond to where the snake will move). To transition to the configuration screen use a 'two finger touch' (hold option key + click in simulator). \
\
Screen 2 (Configuration Screen) - On this screen the player can customize the game speed, set the game to use random start locations, or set the snake bodies to use random colors. The game speed ranges from 0.1 (very fast)\
to 1.0 (very slow). Turning on random start location will make both the cpu and player start in a random location within the board(random locations are limited so the player will not start right next to the edge of the board). Turning on the 'Random Body Color' switch will make both the cpu and human snake use random colors for each part of their body instead of the standard black body. To transition to the 'Game information' screen simply click the game information tab at the bottom of the screen. To transition back to the play screen use another 'two finger touch' (hold option key + click in simulator).\
\
Screen 3 (Game Information) - On this screen the player can see their stats from all of the games they've played. This includes the player wins, computer wins, and the number of moves made in the last game. The player can also click the 'Reset Statistics' button to reset all these statistics back to zero. To transition back to the 'Settings' screen the player can simply click the settings tab at the bottom of the screen. To transition back to the game the player can use another 'two finger touch' (hold option key + click in simulator).\
\
\
Special Features:\
There are no real special features, for the most part I built the standard Sekans Project.\
\
Note: All screen transitions use 'two finger touch'(hold option key + click in simulator). Except for the transitions between the tab bar views. \
}